in your homepage. So I want to talk about those, because I've been spending a lot of time there. Let me make sure the chats are open. Sorry, guys, one second.
Okay, Chech
should be open. Your platform is stuck, Charlie
I see that there. Tell me a little bit more. Can you unmute yourself and just tell me a little bit more?
Good
Great, how you doing man? Yeah, how are you doing?
Good.
So I started using, I started using the platform
It's about 6 months ago
Okay.
And the problem I've been having is basically reconciling a lot of the tokens that I've been purchasing
And for some reason, I haven't been able to reactivate them again, and as we speak right now
I… I actually don't know how to handle that, and I don't
Even the
what I've actually paid for is… doesn't seem to be active at all, so
Huh. So
Yeah, I know very, very, very, very, very strange.
No, I know. I usually
Gotcha
I usually will defer this to customer support, because I can't get in there very well, but I want to understand a little bit more about your problem before I just send you off to somewhere else. So you have purchased credits, you have an account
Yeah
You have purchased a subscription tier
Yeah.
And you are not able to use the credits you have or you're not able to add more credits because you've used them.
Even the credits that right now seem to be replenished from the previous sessions
I can't seem to access that at all
Someone says here I said
You can't seem to access the boards, the creations
Do you have a payment plan
Give me a sec, I'm just trying to see someone just sent us something real quick here. ACK
Which is, okay.
Crystal, I do speak Spanish
And I was just thinking that somebody mentioned here that the dream machine can't instead of Luma
Yeah, is that
Okay, so two different
Okay.
Are you maybe looking at two different things here? I'm going to share my screen.
Yeah, that explains a lot.
That's your period
Yeah, maybe that's… is that what's happening? You have two different… two different accounts going on?
So which is which?
Lumar is where I am
So if you look at Dream Machine looks like this
Yeah
Okay
Right? This is Dream Machine. This is what it looks like.
And this is what
That's where I'm at.
this is where you are, so you are here.
Yeah, I pass where I'm at.
That's where I'm at
Okay, and you have an account here
No, on the other way, the other way around
Okay, okay, so you only have an account here. Okay, so you should be able to see
If you go, you know, if you go into your
billing, you should be able to see your plan and your credits. Are you able to see any of that there?
Do it right away. Just give me a sec.
And then after this
Yeah.
Then you can just, yeah, you can tweet me out at Raju. Okay
Yeah, after this, I think it would probably be best to kind of take this offline
Gotcha, gotcha.
Yeah, and Artur also is mentioning some stuff here on the chat just to, you know the billing tab, etc.
Great, great.
But yeah, let's figure that out. If you don't mind emailing
No problem. Go ahead, what you're doing, we'll basically pick up a little later. That's no problem.
Okay
Appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Here's Artur's email. He will connect you with the right folks in customer support. You can also
Yeah, we'll get you sorted.
I appreciate it, appreciate it. Thanks a lot
You bet.
Okay. And okay, yeah, so I'm going to go through
Just talking about seeds, which that's what we call them internally.
But if you go into the Discover page, let me make this sharing a little bit cleaner here.
If you go into the Discover page here, right? So you are
Arthur and Shark, if you could monitor the chats, that'd be awesome, because I can't see them on my screen. So
if you are here on the homepage, right, this is where you land when you, when you jump into the app. You may land into boards. This is where all your own boards live. But there's this Discover page, and I just want to get you guys familiar with this and why it's kind of important, and what it does, and what are all these little
Starting points here, which, again, internally, we call these seeds. But what they are is they're little workflows that are packed into one particular chat of the agent. So that agent is loaded with a
Let's call it a skill or a strategy that it is basically programmed to start with. Now, it's just like any other board, except for that. That part of it is what's locked in. So as soon as I open any one of these
It's going to launch a seed board. This now is going to be your board. Now this is now part of your boards. So if I back out of here and you go to your board section, you're now going to see this active as one of your boards as if you had created it. When you jump in, you'll see the agent is going to start asking you
to do things. Basically, at first, it's going to ask you to drop some assets here. In this case, this is like the seasonal product campaign. So this, if you're in branding, if you're in advertising or marketing, and you're dealing with any products, or actually, to be honest with you, you could sneak by a lot of different things. You could put a character in here, you could do all kinds of stuff here
The whole point of this, and you'll see it as you just, you know, you're going to see this kind of like welcome structure here on the left. And so you're going to be able to see like what this does. So here it's like I take a product photo, turn it into a fully seasonal campaign. I give you 12
styled images that span different visual styles and tones and themes according to whatever campaign, whatever season you choose. So it's like here, you know, you're gonna see
It's going to kind of ask you, like, okay, drop your photo, tell me what the season or the vibe, or what event you're going for. And in the back, under the hood here, it has a particular strategy that is crafted and made like, let's say a workflow. It's a repeatable workflow. It's crafted and made around this one particular task
Now, if you start a new chat here, if I start a new chat, this new chat, whatever it may be now is void of any of that history and any of that strategy. So now you could continue on and make your board just like you would otherwise, like this is now just a board. You can literally forget about any of this
If you start a new chat. Whenever you go back into that original chat, this is where you're dealing with that particular workflow
I'm going to exit out of this one here in particular, and I'm going to show you how I kind of tend to use these seeds. So again, back here in this discover page, and you're going to see this updated like almost daily. My goal is to add one of these new workflows per day in here
And they span the full kind of gamut of categories. These down here are ones that we're still kind of auditing and fixing and changing and making some additions to. But you'll see the ones that are kind of drifting towards the top. They're a little bit more uniform in look and feel. These are the ones that
We're kind of just putting out there and are starting to craft them more around requests from users, teams, etc. that are kind of showing us and giving us feedback that these are the kind of workflows that they're looking for. In any case, you're going to see them
Around advertising, around products, around brand identity, around character and like more filmmaking use cases
Some will have animations included in them. Some will be around sort of more social media-oriented creators, etc. So just, you'll kind of see a full gamut. You'll see the categories up top here
Like, you'll see like a branding category
Characters, category, design, e-commerce, illustration, marketing, photography. And keep in mind, this is really kind of a new initiative still for us. So we're still
wrapping our head around what the best way to do this is, and what it is that you guys are looking for the most
and how we can best build out this feature of these kind of repeatable workflow seeds. Now, the way that I tend to use them is, I try to. I almost like chain them together a little bit. So in, I'll show you in this one case
First, I started
way out in one of my own boards, I brought this image here. I actually created this in mid-journey at some point a long time ago, and I really liked it. I wanted to make this, like, literally a package, like packaging for some kind of crazy kind of snack product or something like this. So I brought this into, into Luma and basically just said
Generate different snack product packaging from this reference image. I basically asked to just analyze it and then create a and you can, you know you can prompt this in many different ways. The whole point is taking this image and turning it into different snack
packaging images. So I went through some iterations here. At the end, I landed on some of my favorites here, and I'm going to use this one called which I called Monster Snacks. It's like a very premium looking bag. It even has, like, almost like a stitched
Label on it
So I really like this. I copied this, brought it over into the U product to photo product photo to UGC, which is this seed right here. So I opened that up
And once you go through the flow, it just says, hey, drop your product above. You can also drop a selfie character or a photo of a person if you want, then click to select it, and then just tell me to run. And so when you first come in here, the agent greets you like, Hey, I'm your agent
And this is where we're going to be making these UGC style visuals for social. Do you have a product in mind, an image, or even just a description you want to use a sample that's on the board, like if you just wanted to use one of these just in case you don't have something and you just want to test out
This workflow, that's fine. Then there's a little spot. It's like, hey, drop your product above. That's where I drop my image here.
And then from here, it starts once you say, you know, you select it, and then I just said use this as the instructions tell me here. So in here, you know, I just selected it said use this. And that's kind of where I am here in this chat, right? Like greeting
Then I've dropped it, selected it, said, use this just like the instructions told me. Then it's like, okay, cool, snack packaging, great. This is going to be awesome, whatever. It gives you a little choice here. Usually, this is how all of these workflows are set up. You're going to get a bunch of choices
Like, okay, here's some theme directions for this snack. Like it'll give you some choices that it has baked in, or it'll be like, you know, just you want me to surprise you? Like, I'll just pick something for you that I think fits this product really well and let's go from there
Or you can always just have a choice of like describe what you want. Like maybe none of these really work. I have a particular shot in mind or a particular direction in mind. I'm going to just describe it. In any case, I pick surprise me. Then it was like, okay, I'm going to surprise you with this like gas station glow up
theme like road trip, pit stop, kind of like unfashioned moment, unexpected, very kind of shareable moment. Cool. So it was like, now you pick the look after it's it's cemented that gas station glow up. So I actually was like, okay, I don't actually want any of these looks that you're giving me here. I'm going to select this one to just tell you exactly what I want
And so I was like, okay, now describe a different direction. And then I just described something very specific. And this is the way that I love to use it. I just said this needs to have a skater magazine look to it, like early 2000
But it should feel like a Roger Rabbit type of situation where you have some realism mixed with some cartoons, right? So I just kind of said mixed media with 2D and photorealism
And then from there, I was like, okay, locked in, let's make this. I'm going to start with 3 posts, all 9 to 16, since this is very much for social
And I kind of locked in the persona here, Gen Z, it kind of gave me all of this from those choices before and from what this seed is meant to lock in. So it gives me these different parameters here
And then it just asked me to like, you know, what do I want to see all of these three posts in parallel? Do you want me to preview one for you? Do you want me to change the direction a little bit?
I actually just went for all three, and then it's finally given me these really cool outputs here, which are truly mixing the elements I want. Remember, this is this gas station glow up theme. And so but I want it to be like anime 2000s. I can't remember exactly what I said
It was like Skater Magazine, but it should feel like it's combined with 2D and realism. And so it actually kind of went and picked the anime type of look for the cartoons that I wanted, which actually works for me. But I could have gone in there and tweaked it at any time you can kind of stop the agent here and just say like, hey, this isn't right. I want you to like
tweak it into this other direction or whatever. So then I get these results. I ask for more, like, let me see more of these results
and I start getting some really great stuff, actually. And from here, what I did is I actually downloaded one of these images
I think it was this one, and I brought it into a different seed, which was this product ad VFX pack, which actually happens to have the same image as the example output. That's just a coincidence. I brought in that image here
into this seed, which is, if you go back into this, into this area, it's this seed right here, this create product ad VFX seed. So open that guy up, brought in that image that I created with that other seed based on that original packaging I made
And then from here, it's like, it just guides me through the process of first it's going to create these like new end frames, basically, because it's going to animate from a start frame to the end frame in order to keep it as controlled as possible
And so it first starts generating some options of what this could look like
Like, what this video could end like. And it starts giving me different options according… I'm just walking through that same process, you know? It's, like, very much multiple choice, and you're always… you should always have this option of just, like, tell me what you want. If you don't like any of these options, just tell me what it is that you want, and we'll go from there.
In any case, from there, it starts creating more. I also guided to create more and more according to my taste and maybe what I what I'm kind of seeing as outputs. And then it's by the end of it, it's just, okay, let's animate this
So now I'm starting to animate that it starts with my original start frame
And then it ends in one of these endframes that it created, right? So it's a keyframe animation, which means you're going to have the most control. You're starting with the image you fed it, and then it's going to go through those five seconds
And it's going to then end with the image that you created in this seed as your end frame. And it's just going to create a bunch of different videos here. These are not super expensive because they're all five seconds. If you want something longer, just tell the agent to change, kind of switch it up even within this seed
But you're going to be able to see kind of a bunch of different options here for the different ways that it's going to animate it according to those start and end frames that you gave it.
This is just kind of a basic overview of how I tend to use seeds and what seeds sort of are. And again, I'm calling these seeds because that's like the internal name. But really, these are kind of like bottled up
workflows inside of these starting point boards, which then again, as soon as you add another chat here, this new chat, or however many chats you want to add, this is now void of that workflow
memory. Now, you can turn this into a normal board. You have all this stuff in here
I can just keep going from here, add more stuff, and
when I back out of this, you'll see that this is now just another board in your board's arsenal, and for me, it kind of lives down here now, since I didn't make any changes. But yeah, like, this is now it's just another board, you know, when I open it, I see it as a board here. Yes, it has this preloaded
Chat here, which has that workflow, but again, this is now just another board in your boards. And that happens with every single seat. Any questions on this, like, seed slash starting point
discover concept.
Yeah.
One quick one was there about being able to have maybe one or two choices in case you have about what next you look at the what next there.
Wait, say it again.
Could we be able to have if we have if were we able to make more than two choices when it comes to
the choices we have for making the next moves.
Like, these choices right here
Yep.
Exactly, exactly. I see you can only take one at a time.
Yes, you can actually, and the way that I do that is just telling the agent
Okay.
To do it like sometimes I say let's
A and B
Try all of it or something like that, right? Yeah, let's try everything. Or I just say, let's try
Oh.
you know, whatever, in this case, 3a and 3 C with ray 3.14 and redesign. I actually will just write it down as not a very pretty solution like I don't have a you know a way to just kind of select it
Gotcha.
But I just kind of talked to the agent, or I say, like, I don't like any of these. Give me different choices. And it will, you know, it will readjust. So, yeah, I just talked to the agent. I literally just kind of do it on the fly, just kind of asking it
Yeah.
Yeah, well, that's kind of proactive in a way because you can actually talk to the agent and that way also it gets to learn what type of things, what kind of trajectory you're trying to head out for. So I think that's a part
Yes.
Into a new potential, right? Yes, exactly
And it lets you redirect it into a new potential path. Yes. And then if you really want a totally new path, then like I said, you just kind of open up a new chat and all of a sudden all of that workflow history kind of went out. It's just like
Isolated to this, this chat, and then I can, you know, like, if I want to select this and go into new chat and just say something completely different that doesn't have anything to do with that other workflow, then that's no problem either. But yeah, it's flexible that way.
Any other questions about this?
About this little
Little but mighty feature that we have now and that is kind of growing quite a bit.
In fact, do you guys have… I just would like to know if you guys have played with this at all, if it's something you focus on at all, or do you just kind of bypass it and just go straight to your boards because maybe you didn't… you don't
It's too much to get into or something, or it seems a little bit kind of random. Like, what are your thoughts on it? If anybody could give me your
just like honest feedback on that, that would be great, actually.
Great. Can I just jump in real quick? So
Of course
Okay.
I am actually in the music space, so what I'm actually doing is actually not using it for directly for advertisement. It's more like product placement
And so I'm using this, I'm using the platform for exactly that. So I hadn't really taken any time to look into this because my
My mind was on a different level. But now that I have this option, it kind of like clearly brings a little bit much more to say, for instance, if I'm building a spot for
for a festival, so I can easily be able to get more in detail product placement and zones, for example, and to work with. So this is real good for me
That's awesome. Yeah. And you know, in some cases too, like you can just tell it to add audio, right? Because
Like, for example, this… this animated seed here, the create product ad Vfx. I think it's programmed to use cling 3 and cling 3 will handle audio. So you can also, whenever you're animating anything
Ask for audio if it's not included already
Asked to add audio if you if you need to, and just experiment.
Yes, mine was extremely, extremely helpful when it came to doing my first pitch, which I just did right now for Range Rover. And it helped me with the semblance of the kind
feeling on the video as well. So it built its own process that I didn't have to actually
I didn't have to actually work with the audience. So the audio just came automatic, and it was right on point
was right on Twitter
That's
That's awesome. That's great to hear. Also, something I will say that's really helpful about audio
is you can upload pretty much any song, for example, and split it up into stems directly in here, and then put it back together
Without certain stems, if you want to. It's really helpful. I'm still trying to figure out what the best way of splitting up a
The audio that's been created for a video, like with either Veo or with cling like can I take the audio that you
built with this video generation, can I extract that audio and can I split that up? I'm having a little bit harder time doing that, you know, like, for example, if there's a
huge beast that's roaring, but there happens to be a score behind it, kind of that randomly got created, but I don't want that score. Can I remove that and just keep the timed sound effects of the beast roaring or whatever, without that
So I'm still kind of figuring out some of those things.
For my case, the sound effects were actually separated
Okay, so you added them in. Yeah.
So, I mean, they just came up by default
They're just going to what?
Especially the other effects were laid on by default. So the mainframe
theme of the music was on its own. The sound effects were all separate
So, what you're saying is correct. In my case anyway, what I saw was the audio was separated.
Yeah, okay.
Try to be able to get.
And it generated it separately, huh?
Cool. And that's probably if you probably asked to generate audio, it probably came in separately. And something I will say, and I don't know if you guys have this yet and
I apologize if you don't. But we do have this timeline composer here. And again, I'm not sure if you have this yet. I'm testing it. Hopefully, I'm not like But you can also do some quick composing here. And if you can't yet, if you don't have this available yet, you will at some point. So we're testing this out
Wow.
So there will be some ability to layer different objects elements in here as well to kind of create your
Your advanced, maybe not final cut, but maybe your almost final cut in here
directly without having to exit the tool. So that will be really interesting when that happens.
Cool. What other questions can I answer if there are no other questions to answer, I, I can go in and show a couple other things. Mostly, I wanted to
I want to hit more on the repeatable workflow side. But I want to first make sure to answer any other questions you guys have since this is one of these opportunities that folks can come in with questions and problems you're having. If it's any account related things, I probably will direct you there
But any creative process-related stuff in here
Yeah, please feel free to just ask away.
Or raise your hand or throw it in the chat either way.
Okay
If there are no questions, let me find
Where's the lighting effects? Let me find a board real quick because I have so many
Okay, so I want to hit this again. I keep getting more and more questions about repeatable workflows.
And
I just want to talk about a couple different ways of
making repeatable workflows. Number one, one of my favorite ways to do this, was kind of just an accidental
I just found it kind of accidentally, and I lay out… if you guys go on the Learning Center, you'll see some demo boards in there, like, if you go to the Learning Center, and you go to the section, and this is just Lumalabs.ai slash learning-center
And you walk down a little bit, you'll see this start with a demo board section, and you'll see these demo boards in there.
These demo boards are cool. They give you a really good starting point.
I have to add a lot more in here, and I apologize for that. But these will give you a lot of really good starting points, and they all look very tutorial ish like this. So you'll have kind of like step by step walkthroughs. I do have to update some of these
And you'll see I kind of set out instructions step by step. I set out these big prompts that I've crafted. I also set out my smaller prompts that run instructions, basically
for these bigger kind of more system-ish prompts, if you will
And so the way I lay this out is feels like a real tutorial, and it feels like it has step by step and you go from kind of one all the way down, you'll even have a little playground here if you want to test out this workflow. But
At the end of this, it feels like maybe you're kind of stuck in here because you have to rely on this prompt. You have to rely on these prompt variables, which is all the different like lighting techniques themselves. If you come in here, you'll see the different instructions of how to use this
But it does feel a little bit
Not limiting per se, but it feels like you're kind of locked in here. Like, this is the only way I can use this workflow is coming into this board and, you know, doing it in here. But I realized that
If you do set up your boards like this, which a lot of times I like to set things up very clearly with different steps. I do it in I do it in all kinds of different places, like even if I'm just making something
For myself, like I will usually put my prompts in here and that's I do it by using these canvas tools down here, right? So like text boxes and then the text box, I can create the frame around it. Then another text box
And it'll put, you know what that is. This is a prompt. I'll bold it, you know, maybe this is much, much longer
And this is my whole prompt in here. So a lot of times, like, and I'll, you know, I'll put the arrows in here, or lines, or, you know, my little sticky notes in here, all these things are in your canvas tools, which is the right side of
your toolbar down here. So using all those things, that's kind of how I put all of this together.
And once you have this, you're actually giving the model
I should say you're giving the agent a
detailed workflow, actually. You're setting up these visual steps, but you're also writing out the prompts and the things that go into this. And
If you just basically drag your cursor over all of the things you've set up there, especially if you've set up kind of a clean workflow. Any of you guys that have clients that maybe you work on client work
Using Luma and you set up boards like this, then you share them with your clients through here, right? You add their email address in here and you share them. You work together on a board or whatever.
Setting up a workflow or setting up a board with these instructions is really helpful. But if you start even doing that with your personal projects, then you have it set up for the agent to not recognize this workflow. I can literally grab everything here, doodles and everything, even some stuff that
Maybe I don't even really need to grab. However, it doesn't matter, the agent will parse through all of that. I grab all of that, and then as you know, you'll be able to see in your agent chat like everything in here is selected, right? All of that is selected
Now I can tell the agent
In this case.
I just say distill this process, this whole thing into a repeatable text document that I can use as an asset on my board and trigger it by selecting it and selecting any image
Or video and just saying run. So when I say that, then it takes all the stuff that I did, which I had it selected all here, and it turns it into this text document here. This is that workflow
Now I have basically a giant system prompt inside of this document that it created. Now I can select it, select an image just like I ordered it to to to
To set up as a trigger, right? Selecting it and selecting any image or video and saying run so I should be able to select it, shift click, select any image or video, and saying run
And when I do that, now it's unlocking, or I should say unleashing that whole workflow, which is everything we did over here
And unleashing it, I basically aimed it at this image and unleashed it. And now I'm getting all of those different outputs directly in here from this one particular workflow doc, as opposed to having to be locked into all of this. Now I can literally like
Download this, bring it into another board, whatever. And again, and now I'm starting to like see how I could build a library of my own workflows, right? This is just lighting effects, but I could do the same thing for all kinds of stuff.
And then the cool thing about this is not only can I just say run, but I can also tell it how to run it. So like in this case, for example.
I said, you know, again, select it, select my image that I'm gonna unleash it on, and say, use all supported image models to run this workflow on this image with all the different lighting conditions. So in this case, I'm not just saying run.
And letting it run with Nana Banana Pro, which is what it's set to run with
But I'm now unleashing it and saying it, run it with all the image models you have. So of course it does Nano Banana Pro. Then it also does Nano Banana two. Then it also does GPT image two, and then it also does Uni 1, or I can just say do it with like this model and that model or lock it in in some way.
In this case, down here, same document, same image, select it, select the image, and now I say, use all supported image models to run this workflow on this image with all lighting conditions, just like what I said here. But then I added change the texture of the bear in every generation
So now I'm doing two things. I'm doing the lighting
Then I'm also doing the texture now.
So I have, you know, this backlighting here is also now added a totally different texture here. Same thing here. And I'm not trying to control it. I could control every texture here too. Like this prompt could be pretty big where I'm really giving it very specific instructions
In this case, I'm just trying to show you kind of the breadth of it. So two different things, lighting like these god rays, for example, but also texture like this glass kind of prism texture. And and then here's with Nano Banana 2.
Here's a GPT image to. Here's what Uni 1, right? So now I'm basically able to run it in whatever I want, because now it's an asset on my board, right? I'm not having to type it all out, this whole thing. I'm not having to type it all out here.
It's just now an asset. And this is an asset. And now my prompt is what is going to tell it. How do you trigger this? How do you use it? Do I run it this way or that way?
So, really, really awesome way to do this, and
For anyone that doesn't have things set up like this, which is totally common and totally okay, it doesn't need to be like this to create this workflow. This workflow can really be created based on just a very basic
prompt structure. And that is
Over
In another board, which hang on a second, I want to find it because
I really want to show you this.
Oh, I think it's actually right here.
Yeah. So this, and like, so this is like a lot of my boards look like this now, a bunch of different workflows on them.
But this
Is how I started this whole workflow situation. Was I basically had just come in and asked and asked the agent. Whoops. I had asked the agent, what's the best way for me to ask you for a repeatable workflow that I can aim and unpack on any asset
on my board. That was my original question before I even figured out the whole grab every every, you know item on the thing, and then turn that into a workflow. This is how I started. And then it told me
Give me a long answer, but it really this was the main part of the answer is this is the prompt that it told me to use with it was build me a reusable workflow for outcome
That I can trigger by giving you input. And so that outcome can look all kinds of different ways. Like, for example, this is what the outcome could look like. Very long, right? Analyze any image, come up with a compelling ad or poster, billboard style headline. Like this is to create
To add type headlines to any image, for example, that's what I want this workflow to be. So I have my outcome, which is, like, what do I want it to do? I have that very detailed, and I have my trigger, which is my input. And I also have that pretty detailed, right? I want to
My trigger needs to be to select it and select any uploaded visual reference images and just say run. So
That is what pretty much I would insert here, right? I would come in here, and I would insert that
This is kind of annoying. I would insert that
That
Outcome right in here, right? Because this is kind of like the fill in the blank part. So I would insert that full outcome in here, and I would insert that trigger in here. And then just so you know, this was my initial prompt. I actually ended up like over time turning that into this
Which was… and I'm going to copy this, I'm gonna drop this in the chat, because this is like a super
Good prompt to have.
And then again, just fill the blanks with your own, with your own outcome, what it is that you want to do. And then here's the trigger, right? The trigger process and the assets, and then just saying, run. So if you fill that out, you bring that prompt in here
Right? You fill out the outcome.
you fill out the trigger process and the assets
And you just submit
It's going to spit out a workflow document. Like, for example, this one was to create sports memorabilia collectible cards out of any photo of anyone, right? And so how that's literally how I built
that let's see if I have
If I have that example somewhere handy to show you kind of what that ends up looking like, because that was one of my earliest ones that I did was this making collectible cards And I think I've showed it here. I think some of you were here, probably
I'm probably shock. You guys are probably here for this long time ago.
Like this, like this trading card art, which I, you know, I then adapted it to make to be able to make like magic cards with any kind of humor I want and any kind of selfie image that I want
But how I started was with these collectible cards.
But, like, I could input anybody
And have it create like legit looking sports memorabilia cards, right? And that's how I created that little workflow was really just based on that same
Same prompt
Let me see if I could find it just so you can see it in action.
Well, it was basically create a prompt template based on these trading cards. In this case, I actually used some references. Like I grab references and I was like, use these as your references. But you don't necessarily have to do that either. You can just tell it what you want
And then I… and then I just started running that flow by selecting it and then selecting the
photo, which is what I outlined in as the trigger, and then just saying run. And then in here there's all kinds of different variables, right? It'll create variables inside of that that template that you then just have to go through and sort of figure out which one it was, because so I can just say
run it run only preset two or run every preset. You know, if we go back to to
That understanding of like you can select the document, select the thing, and not just say run, but you could say run it with this or that. You can give it these custom run instructions. Anyway.
I hope that makes sense. I'm kind of running out of time here, but I really wanted to share that again, and I'll keep sharing it with you guys as much as I… as I can, of just how to build these repeatable workflows
And that, to me is the easiest one that prompt that I shared with you guys in here is the easiest and the best way to kind of do this.
Okay, any questions before I go? I hope that was helpful. I see there's some other questions. Ken, you have some other questions here. Yes, Michael, I will make this available offline. Just please shoot me an email
And, I'll send you this recording.
And you bet. Ken looks like you're having some account related stuff which Sharky is helping you with here. Anybody else have any final thoughts or questions before we log off?
Cherokee, what's up
Did I not allow you to talk?
Shaki, did you want to say something?
Okay, cool. Okay. Well, that is all that I have for you guys. Hopefully that was helpful in some way, shape or form. And again, if you guys have any more questions, feel free to take this offline.
with Sharki either through Discord or or me through
Through email here, I'll drop this again in here if you guys need anything else.
Cool.
Thank you, guys. Thanks, Charlie, for all those questions. Sharky, thank you for your help. And hopefully you guys with any account issues get all of that resolved. But in any case, feel free to email me. Put that prompt to work. It's really quite useful. Have a back and forth with the agent on it. It'll really help you
figure out like how to how to really structure those kinds of repeatable workflow prompts better. And the way I found out about it was really just asking the agent to begin with. And now I'm obsessed. So thank you guys very, very much. Thank you, L. Thank you, Charlie
We'll, I'll see you guys next time. We'll be here next Wednesday.
Cheers.
Thanks, guys.
Appreciate it.